DOCS-4270 Adds Mobile App Testing Documentation (#18499)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile_testing/_index.md

---

> title: Mobile Application Testing

Author: ```suggestion
title: Mobile Application Testing and Monitoring
```

kind: documentation

> description: "Create intelligent, self-maintaining mobile tests to ensure the most critical parts of your mobile applications are up and running from real devices."

Author: This is used for search indexing purposes I believe (https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/docs4docs/pages/1181582564/Page+parameters).

> disable_sidebar: true

Author: We tend to not include the Site/Language/Navigation on product landing pages like these!

further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/test-creation-best-practices/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Best practices for creating end-to-end tests"
- link: "/mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn how to create Synthetic mobile app tests"
- link: "/mobile_testing/settings"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn how to upload your iOS or Android mobile applications"
- link: "/continuous_testing/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Continuous Testing & CI/CD"
cascade:
  algolia:
    tags: ['mobile_testing']
---

> Mobile Application Testing allows you to test and monitor key business flows for Android and iOS applications using real devices. 

Reviewer: This feels a little short, can we update it to this:

> Datadog Mobile Application Testing enables you to create and run end-to-end synthetic tests for applications that run on both iOS and Android devices. 
> 
> Datadog runs these tests on real devices to provide a realistic, step-by-step representation of key application workflows, screenshots of each step, and detailed pass/fail results so that your team can quickly visualize what went wrong.

Author: ```suggestion
Mobile Application Testing allows you to test and monitor key business flows for Android and iOS applications using real devices. Datadog runs these tests on real devices to provide a realistic, step-by-step representation of key application workflows, screenshots of each step, and detailed pass or fail results so your team can quickly visualize what went wrong.
```

> Mobile tests allow you to observe how your mobile applications are performing using **simulated requests and actions from real devices**. Datadog tracks the performance of your mobile applications and alerts you about faulty behavior such as regressions, broken features, high response times, and unexpected status codes. 

Author: ```suggestion
Mobile Application Testing allows you to test and monitor key business flows for Android and iOS using real devices. 
```

## Record mobile app tests

> {{< img src="mobile_testing/mobile_application_testing_demo.png" alt="Examples of the recording workflow for a Synthetic Mobile Test" style="width:80%;">}}

Reviewer: Let's replace this with a video of the recorder instead of the screenshot so it matches what we have for Browser Tests under Synthetic Monitoring and let's also copy the "Use the Synthetic Monitoring & Continuous Testing Explorer" section from that page as well (https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/alai97/add-mobile-app-testing-docs/synthetics/)

> You can create mobile tests in Datadog by navigating to [**UX Monitoring** > **New Test**][1] and selecting **Mobile Application Test**.

Author: How do you feel about referring to them as "tests" if the page title says "Mobile Application Testing"?

> ## Upload a mobile application

Author: ```suggestion
## Upload your mobile application
```

---
title: Mobile Application Testing and Monitoring
kind: documentation
description: "Create intelligent, self-maintaining mobile tests to ensure the most critical parts of your mobile applications are up and running from real devices."
disable_sidebar: true
further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/test-creation-best-practices/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Best practices for creating end-to-end tests"
- link: "/mobile_testing/mobile_tests"
  tag: "Documentation"

>   text: "Learn how to create Synthetic mobile tests"

Author: ```suggestion
  text: "Learn how to create Synthetic mobile app tests"
```

- link: "/mobile_testing/settings"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn how to upload your iOS or Android mobile applications"
- link: "/continuous_testing/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Continuous Testing & CI/CD"
cascade:
  algolia:
    tags: ['mobile_testing']
---

Mobile Application Testing allows you to test and monitor key business flows for Android and iOS using real devices. 

[**Computing SLOs**][1] on your key endpoints and user journeys makes it easier to stick to your application performance targets and provide a consistent customer experience.

## Upload your mobile application

[Create a mobile application][2] for your Android or iOS application by uploading an `.apk` or `.ipa` file and specifying the application version.

## Record mobile application tests

{{< img src="mobile_testing/mobile_application_testing_demo.png" alt="Examples of the recording workflow for a Synthetic Mobile Test" style="width:80%;">}}

> [Create mobile tests][3] on critical user journeys and business journeys to monitor how your customers experience your iOS and Android applications end-to-end from different device types.

Author: ```suggestion
[Create mobile app tests][3] on critical user journeys and business journeys to monitor how your customers experience your iOS and Android applications end-to-end from different device types.
```

---
title: Mobile Application Testing and Monitoring
kind: documentation
description: "Create intelligent, self-maintaining mobile tests to ensure the most critical parts of your mobile applications are up and running from real devices."
disable_sidebar: true
further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/test-creation-best-practices/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Best practices for creating end-to-end tests"
- link: "/mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn how to create Synthetic mobile app tests"
- link: "/mobile_testing/settings"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn how to upload your iOS or Android mobile applications"
- link: "/continuous_testing/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Continuous Testing & CI/CD"
cascade:
  algolia:
    tags: ['mobile_testing']
---

> Mobile Application Testing allows you to test and monitor key business flows for Android and iOS applications using real devices. Datadog runs these tests on real devices to provide a realistic, step-by-step representation of key application workflows, screenshots of each step, and detailed pass or fail results so your team can quickly visualize what went wrong.

Author: ```suggestion
Mobile Application Testing allows you to test and monitor key business flows for Android and iOS applications using real devices. Datadog runs these tests on real devices to provide a realistic, step-by-step representation of key application workflows, screenshots of each step, and detailed pass or fail results so your team can visualize what went wrong.
```

## Record mobile app tests

> [Record mobile app tests][1] for Android and iOS using the no-code test recorder, which makes it easy to create robust and comprehensive tests.

Author: ```suggestion
[Record mobile app tests][1] for Android and iOS using the no-code test recorder, enabling you to create robust and comprehensive tests.
```
